How many shares are allocated to this Unit?
When does the proprietary lease expire?
What are the exact names of current owners per your records?How many Units are in the building?How many Units are owner-occupied?How many Units are still owned by the Sponsor?Does the Unit come with Storage, Parking, Bike Storage or other memberships?What is the moving deposit, if any?What is the moving fee, if any?
What is the Working Capital Fund, if any?
What is the Reserve Fund Contribution, if any?
Are there any closing fees to either Seller or Buyer not disclosed in the board application?
Please confirm maintenance for this unit by sending the last maintenance bill.
What items are included in the maintenance (i.e. gas, water)?
What is the current amount of the reserve fund?
When was the last maintenance increase?
By how much was the last maintenance increased?
Please list the history of maintenance increase during the last 5 years.
Is there any upcoming maintenance increase?
Is there a current special assessment?
If there is a current assessment, how much is it for this Unit?
If there is a current assessment, when will it expire?
If there is a current assessment, what is it for?
Are there any upcoming assessments?
If there are upcoming assessments, how much for this Unit?
If there are upcoming assessments, until when will it be in place?
If there are upcoming assessments, what is it for?
Please list the history of assessments during the last 5 years.
Is there a flip tax?
If there’s a flip tax, who is responsible for it?
If there’s a flip tax, how much is it?
Do you require Homeowners Insurance?
If you require HOI, what are the required policy terms?
What is your pet policy?
What is your alteration policy?
Has this Unit been altered? Please provide copy of all Alteration Agreements for this Unit.
How many bedrooms does the Unit have?
How many bathrooms does the Unit have?
What is your smoking policy?
What is your sublet policy?
Is there a washer/dryer in the unit?
Is there a laundry room in the building?
Have there been any water leaks in/out of the Unit?
Have there been any water leaks in/out of any other units?
Have there been any noise complaints from any Unit?
Have there been any bed bugs in any Unit?
Has there been any insect infestation in the building?
Is there any current or upcoming litigation against the building?
Does the building have a mortgage?
Does the building have a credit line?
Are there any maintenance arrearages?
Are the building’s systems in good working order? (Elevators, electrical, plumbing, heating, etc.)
What is the age of the elevators?
Are you aware of any construction in the neighborhood that could impact the premises?
When was the local law 11 work last completed?
When is local law 11 due next?
Independently of local law 11, is the building planning on constructing facades?
Who is responsible for the maintenance/repair of the windows in the Unit?
Does the Building have Lot Line Windows?
Does the Unit have Lot Line Windows?
Does the Board allow purchases by non-occupying unit owners with family member occupants?
Does the Board allow purchases by an LLC? If so, are there any additional fees involved?
Does the Board require the Unit to be the owner’s primary residence?
What are the Board’s requirements for financing for new owners, if any? (i.e. max.of 80% financing)
What are the Board’s requirements for debt-t-income ratio?
What are the Board’s post-closing liquidity requirements?
Do any of the Building doors require a fob to enter? If so, how much does a fob cost?