Total Units in the Building:
Total Units Sold/Closed:
Total Owner Occupied Units: 
Total Sponsor Units: 
Total Bank/Condo Owned Units: 
Total Sublet Units:
What is the current reserve balance?
What were the Maintenance increases for the past three (3) years?
What special assessments were implemented for the past three (3) years?
Is there an upcoming Maintenance increase?
How much upcoming assessments?
Upcoming Assessments payable over what period of time? 
Are there any capital improvement projects in progress? 
What capital improvements are planned over the next 5 years?
How will capital improvements be paid for: 
Does the Building have a flip tax or transfer fee? 
Are there any commercial units? 
Commercial units are all current on rent?
Does a single entity or individual own 10% (or more) of the total units?
If there are Sponsor owned units, is the Sponsor current on financial obligations?
Has Sponsor been current for the past 12 months?
Is there any pending/ongoing litigation?
Please provide the subject of the litigation: 
Please confirm how the litigation is being paid for:
What are the income requirements for purchasers?
What is the date of the Proprietary Lease expiration?
Is there an underlying mortgage on the Building?
Please confirm Lender, Loan Amount, Interest Rate, Maturity Date:
Are monthly payments current:
Is there also a line of credit & if so amount:
How much of the maintenance is deductible?
How many units are in arrears? 
Is there a fee for storage space? 
Is there a fee for the gym? 
Are washers & dryers allowed in each Unit? 
Does the building have a final Certificate of Occupancy? 
Is there a ground lease? 
Is there a tax abatement in place? 
Does the building allow LLC or Trust purchasers?
Are there any re-sale restrictions?
Sublet Policy: 
Alteration Policy: 
Pet Policy: 
When is the last time the roof was repaired or replaced? 
Have there been any roof issues in the past 12 months? 
Have there been any leaks into or from this Unit?
Have there been any issues with vermin, roaches, bedbugs, insects, other in this Unit?
Have there been any issues with heat/cooling in this Unit?
Have there been any issues with noise in this Unit?
What is the electrical service to the Unit?
Have there been any alterations to this Unit? 
Have all permits and sign-offs been obtained? 
Please provide a copy of the alteration agreement.
Are there any problems on this floor?
Have there been any bedbug infestations on this floor? 
Are there any building-wide problems with heating, cooling, plumbing, electricity, mechanical, elevators, leaks, vermin or pest infestation (particularly bedbugs)?