Total number of Units in Building:
Total number of Owner-Occupied Units:
Total number of Rented/Sublet Units:
Total number of Floors in this building?  
Total number of Sponsor-Owned Units:
How many units rent regulated?
How many units fair market?
Does anyone own more than 10% of Units?
Is owner current on maintenance?
Any Units used for Commercial use?
Any food/bar establishments?
Are they vacant?
Are any delinquent in payments/paying reduced rents?
Current Balance of Reserves:
Proprietary Lease Expiration Date:
Is Coop subject to a Land/Ground Lease?
Does the boiler run on Oil or Gas? 
Are there any plans to upgrade/convert to gas?
when and how will it be funded?
Is this an Artists in Residency (AIR) building?
Is the Coop an HDFC?
Has the Coop purchased the air rights from the buildings which abut the premises?
Most Recent Financials Available:
Max amount (%) Purchaser may finance:
Are you aware if any bank has ever denied financing to a potential Purchaser in this building due to a condition of the Coop (either physical or financial)?
Is there a debt to income ratio requirement for incoming Purchasers?
Does the building allow interest only loans? 
Does Coop permit pied-à-terres?
Does Coop permit purchasing as a Trust? 
Does Coop permit purchasing as an LLC?
Does Coop permit purchasing as a Corp.?
Any additional fees or requirements for purchasing as Trust/LLC/Corp.?
Is there a bike room available?
Is there a fitness room available?
Has there been any toxic mold or asbestos in the building?
Please explain all remediation efforts?
Does Coop permit parents to co-purchase or purchase for their adult children?
Does Coop permit subletting? please list fees/restrictions:
Does Coop permit pets? please list fees/restrictions:
Does Coop permit washers/dryers in Unit?
If washer/dryer already present, is it "grandfathered" in or does it need to be removed?
Is parking available?
Is there a waitlist?
Please list fees/restrictions:
Is storage available?
Does it transfer with Unit?
Is there a waitlist for storage?
Please list storage fees/restrictions:
Is there any current/pending litigation involving the Unit, Coop, Sponsor or Seller?
Is litigation covered by insurance?
Is there a flip tax?
How much is flip tax?
Paid by Purchaser or Seller?
Please describe any homeowner's insurance requirements:
How many amendments to the offering plan are there?
Where is the superintendent/resident manager located/live?
Does the Coop carry fidelity Insurance?
Can owners benefit from the coop primary residence abatement in this coop?
What utilities are included with the monthly common charges?
Is either party required to make a contribution to reserves or a working capital fund at closing?
who pays and what is the amount?
Is there a requirement for the Buyer or Seller to replace windows in conjunction with the transaction?
Who is responsible for the maintenance/replacement of HVAC or AC units, shareholder or coop? 
Are there violations currently against the coop?
Will Coop provide indemnification letters if requested?
Are there "black out" periods during the year for performing renovations?
Are there limits to the number of alterations to take place at one time?
Does the corporation have right of first refusal for sales and rentals?
What is the current building efficiency rating (A, B, etc)?
In connection with Local Law 97, is there any work that the building will need to perform by 2024 to meet NYC standards?
If so, when, what is the approximate cost, and how will it be funded?
Is there any anticipated work for 2030 related to Local Law 97?  
Please share any details on what that work might be
Number of Shares Allocated to Subject Unit: 
Current Maintenance for Unit:
If any additional monthly fees (ex. storage fee, electric, cable, etc.), please describe:
Any upcoming Maintenance increases?
How much is the increase?
Any current Assessments?
What is Assessment for? 
Any upcoming/pending Assessments? 
What is upcoming Assessment for?
History of Maintenance Increases:
History of Assessments:
Is this a combined Unit?
Any recent renovations in this Unit?
Any open Alteration Agreements on file or approved by the Board against this Unit?
Any lot line windows in this Unit?
Who is responsible for maintaining and/or repairing any windows in the Unit?
Any noise complaints from this Unit?
Any odor complaints from this Unit?
Any leaks in this Unit?
Any bed bugs/vermin in this Unit?
Any other complaints about this Unit?
Does the current owner qualify for the condo tax abatement?
Any other noise complaints in the Building?
Any odor complaints in the Building?
Any leaks in the Building?
Any bed bugs/vermin in the Building?
Any other complaints about the Building?
Is the Coop currently doing any Roof work?
Date of last repair/replacement Elevator work?
Date of last repair/replacement Boiler work?
Date of last repair/replacement Façade/LL11 work?
Date of last repair/replacement Other work?
Estimated cost of current capital projects?
How will current projects be funded (ex. reserves, assessment, etc.)?
Please describe any future/pending capital projects, including estimated costs and start date:
How will future/pending projects be funded (ex. reserves, assessment, etc.)?
Are the Building's operating systems (ex. elevators, electrical, HVAC, plumbing, heating, etc.) in good working order?
Any construction at nearby buildings?
Are there any critical maintenance, material deficiencies repairs, or significant deferred maintenance approved now or planned in the future?
Are there any code violations or local government certifications the HOA has not satisfied now or in the last 5 years?



































































